README.md, before:

# My K8s cluster - Automated K8s setup on RaspberryPi
Kubernetes cluster setup and cluster-apps installation using Helm charts


## Step 1: Update your local file inventory file.
The inventory file should contain all your Raspberry Pi's hostnames, one per line
## Step 2: Use an isolated container based on Ansible as your management station
```bash
docker build --pull --rm -f "Dockerfile" -t ansiblecontainer:latest "."
```

```cmd
# Command prompt (Windows)
docker run -it --entrypoint=/bin/bash --rm -w /workspace -v %cd%:/workspace ansiblecontainer
```

```bash
# Bash
docker run -it --entrypoint=/bin/bash --rm -w /workspace -v `pwd`:/workspace ansiblecontainer
```

## Step 2: Copy SSH keys to Master and Worker nodes
The RSA key files are pointed at: ~/.ssh/id_rsa 
```bash
source copy-ssh-key.bash


# If above line does not work, then use command below per host:
ssh-copy-id -i ~/.ssh/id_rsa -f pi@<your_pi_host>
``` 

## Step 3: Modify the file /boot/cmdline.txt in all cluter nodes
In file /boot/cmdline.txt add cgroup_enable=cpuset cgroup_enable=memory cgroup_memory=1 into the end of the file.
Run comman shown below and reboot the Pi's

```bash
source setup_kernel.bash
```

## Step 4: Update your master node name in the create the Master and Node instances for the K8s cluster
```bash
source k3s-master.bash
source k3s-workers.bash
```
## Step 5: Work in your cluster and inspect the nodes
Saving file to: /workspace/kubeconfig

Test your cluster with:
```bash
export KUBECONFIG=/workspace/kubeconfig
kubectl config use-context default
kubectl get node -o wide 
```




## Uninstalling Servers
To uninstall K3s from a server node, run:

```bash
/usr/local/bin/k3s-uninstall.sh
```

## Uninstalling Agents
To uninstall K3s from an agent node, run:
```bash
/usr/local/bin/k3s-agent-uninstall.sh
```

Commit message:

FInishing all automation. Added image to readme

README.md, after:

# My K8s cluster - Automated K8s setup on RaspberryPi
Kubernetes cluster setup and cluster-apps installation using Helm charts


## Step 1: Update your local file inventory file.
The inventory file should contain all your Raspberry Pi's hostnames, one per line. If the file contains names, use the line below to resolve to Ip addresses.

```bash
source resolve-names.bash
```
## Step 2: Use an isolated container based on Ansible as your management station
```bash
docker build --pull --rm -f "Dockerfile" -t ansiblecontainer:latest "."
```



```cmd
# Command prompt (Windows)
docker run -it --entrypoint=/bin/bash --rm -w /workspace -v %cd%:/workspace ansiblecontainer
```

```bash
# Bash
docker run -it --entrypoint=/bin/bash --rm -w /workspace -v `pwd`:/workspace ansiblecontainer
```

## Step 2: Copy SSH keys to Master and Worker nodes
The RSA key files are pointed at: ~/.ssh/id_rsa 
```bash
source copy-ssh-key.bash


# If above line does not work, then use command below per host:
ssh-copy-id -i ~/.ssh/id_rsa -f pi@<your_pi_host>
``` 

## Step 3: Modify the file /boot/cmdline.txt in all cluter nodes
In file /boot/cmdline.txt add cgroup_enable=cpuset cgroup_enable=memory cgroup_memory=1 into the end of the file.
Run comman shown below and reboot the Pi's

```bash
source setup_kernel.bash
```

## Step 4: Create the Master and Node instances for the K3s cluster
```bash
source k3s-master.bash
source k3s-workers.bash
```
## Step 5: Work in your cluster and inspect the nodes
Saving file to: /workspace/kubeconfig

Test your cluster with:
```bash
export KUBECONFIG=/workspace/kubeconfig
kubectl config use-context default
kubectl get node -o wide
```
![image info](k3s-ready.PNG)

Yours will be different.

## Uninstalling Servers
To uninstall K3s from a server node, run:

```bash
/usr/local/bin/k3s-uninstall.sh
```

## Uninstalling Agents
To uninstall K3s from an agent node, run:
```bash
/usr/local/bin/k3s-agent-uninstall.sh
```
